README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website Client Site

It's a client site for a portfolio website. In this client site an user can manage his portfolio website dynamically. User can manage their website easily without any hassle.

## Frontend Technology Stack

- **Next Js**

- **TypeScript**

- **ShadCn**

- **Tailwind Css**

---

## Features

- **User Authentication**:
  User can create an account with name, email, password and number. User can login for managed their portfolio site.
- **Blog**:
  User can write blog and can do crud operation.
- **Projects**:
  User can add their project for showcase their project.
- **Dashboard**:
  In dashboard page user can manage their portfolio website.

---

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mdselimme/Portfolio-Website-Client-Site-With-NextJs.git
cd Portfolio-Website-Client-Site-With-NextJs
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
# using npm
npm install
```

Setup environment variables:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_LINK=
```

Run the development server:

```bash
# using npm
npm run dev
```

---

Commit message:

update: readme file env settings

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website Client Site

It's a client site for a portfolio website. In this client site an user can manage his portfolio website dynamically. User can manage their website easily without any hassle.

## Frontend Technology Stack

- **Next Js**

- **TypeScript**

- **ShadCn**

- **Tailwind Css**

---

## Features

- **User Authentication**:
  User can create an account with name, email, password and number. User can login for managed their portfolio site.
- **Blog**:
  User can write blog and can do crud operation.
- **Projects**:
  User can add their project for showcase their project.
- **Dashboard**:
  In dashboard page user can manage their portfolio website.

---

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mdselimme/Portfolio-Website-Client-Site-With-NextJs.git
cd Portfolio-Website-Client-Site-With-NextJs
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
# using npm
npm install
```

Setup environment variables:

- Create an .env.local file in your project root folder.

- Add Your Server Site Base Url in .env.local file.

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_LINK=
```

Run the development server:

```bash
# using npm
npm run dev
```

---
